README.md, before:

# Chat-Message-Purger
Simple tool that allows a specific amount of messages by the user to be purged.

| Chat Purger | 
| ------------- | 
| ![result](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/802865338399457280/802865349317361694/unknown.png) |

## Requirements Before Set-up:

1. [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.
2. Code Editor: VSC(recommended), Sublime, Atom etc.

## Set-up: Script

1. Run the `Launch` file and wait for all the packages to be installed.
1. Right click on the 'settings.json' file.
2. Open the file either on Notepad or a code editor i.e VSC (Visual Studio Code).
3. Fill in ALL the gaps.
4. Save.

## Settings Properties
- `prefix` | a prefix for your purge command (optional.)
- `token`  | Your account token | How to get token? [Click Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEgFvgg7ZPI)
- `ID`     | User ID | Must be corresponding with token or tool won't work.
- `trigger` | The word that triggers the purge of messages.
- `bulk`   | Referring to the (`x`) amount of messages you want to purge | Limit: 100

### Example: `settings.json`

![example](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/802865338399457280/802865750977150976/unknown.png)

## Start-up:

1. Run the `run.bat` file.

### Performance:

* Limit: 100 Messages
* Can be buggy 
* Can only delete messages up to 2 weeks.

| Showcase #1 | Showcase #2|
| ------------- | ------------- | 
| ![result](https://media3.giphy.com/media/WNsN3FL93OZ4jP5Wft/giphy.gif) | ![result](https://media2.giphy.com/media/DDjF6kcyQt4Xp09ku0/giphy.gif)

### Potential Error: NPM Install
```
Sorry, name can only contain URL-friendly characters and name can no longer contain special characters
```

*Rename the folder the code is in to something simpler (use one word)*

# Disclaimer

This involves the use of selfbots/botting your account, which is against discord ToS. Use this at your own risk.

## Contact Me

﹒[Discord](https://discord.com/users/709827684888215582)
﹒[Discord Server](https://discord.gg/E3K3JPysSn)
﹒[Telegram](https://t.me/clairvoyant7teen)
﹒[Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/seven777teen/)

Commit message:

17
Another error which can occur

README.md, after:

# Chat-Message-Purger
Simple tool that allows a specific amount of messages by the user to be purged.

| Chat Purger | 
| ------------- | 
| ![result](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/802865338399457280/802865349317361694/unknown.png) |

## Requirements Before Set-up:

1. [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.
2. Code Editor: VSC(recommended), Sublime, Atom etc.

## Set-up: Script

1. Run the `Launch` file and wait for all the packages to be installed.
1. Right click on the 'settings.json' file.
2. Open the file either on Notepad or a code editor i.e VSC (Visual Studio Code).
3. Fill in ALL the gaps.
4. Save.

## Settings Properties
- `prefix` | a prefix for your purge command (optional.)
- `token`  | Your account token | How to get token? [Click Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEgFvgg7ZPI)
- `ID`     | User ID | Must be corresponding with token or tool won't work.
- `trigger` | The word that triggers the purge of messages.
- `bulk`   | Referring to the (`x`) amount of messages you want to purge | Limit: 100

### Example: `settings.json`

![example](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/802865338399457280/802865750977150976/unknown.png)

## Start-up:

1. Run the `run.bat` file.

### Performance:

* Limit: 100 Messages
* Can be buggy 
* Can only delete messages up to 2 weeks.

| Showcase #1 | Showcase #2|
| ------------- | ------------- | 
| ![result](https://media3.giphy.com/media/WNsN3FL93OZ4jP5Wft/giphy.gif) | ![result](https://media2.giphy.com/media/DDjF6kcyQt4Xp09ku0/giphy.gif)

### Potential Error: NPM Install
```
Sorry, name can only contain URL-friendly characters and name can no longer contain special characters
```

*Rename the folder the code is in to something simpler (use one word)*

```
(node:13400) UnhandledPromiseRejectionWarning: DiscordAPIError: Cannot execute action on a system message
```

*Ignore this! Referring to `Clyde` or other systematic message applications*

# Disclaimer

This involves the use of selfbots/botting your account, which is against discord ToS. Use this at your own risk.

## Contact Me

﹒[Discord](https://discord.com/users/709827684888215582)
﹒[Discord Server](https://discord.gg/E3K3JPysSn)
﹒[Telegram](https://t.me/clairvoyant7teen)
﹒[Steam](https://steamcommunity.com/id/seven777teen/)
